well any other doing this job I think
we're just in the biggest cooler ever
how hard was up to take um I mean I
don't know what to really say like uh
well not like I went all out on the
river and the encircled and I was like
great like I'm like he has Queens full
and then I there's like I have quads it
I was like I couldn't believe it I felt
sick viewbot on the handles done yo
nines ATMs and the floor was Green nine
queen what were you thinking in that
stage i'm obviously i love my hand um
you know i have a full house i graduate
have the best hand always so i let out
up just because of I think it looks like
I could be doing that with a lot of
hands so I did steal the pot especially
the situation like that where no one has
anything and he raised me and at that
point I thought he basically could
either have trips or a bluff so um so i
called in case he was bluffing guess
you've let him keep laughing and if he
has trips I'm gonna get all just one
anyways so I check called the turn which
was a five same reasoning and then now
the river was a nine and then I was like
wow no he's not probably not going to
bluff me very often now because if i
have like nine ten or something i would
make a full house yeah and so we're
probably just check behind but I go all
in you know maybe here put me I'm like I
could have a hand like pocket eights for
pocket sevens and probably was bluffing
all the way now I got counterfeited so
it could look like I'm making a
desperation bluff and maybe he would
even make a hero call a searching high
and then obviously you're going to call
it the ice queen for Queens fall and I
don't you know consider it that you
might have quads but um you know only
will the final table quotes all the
clubs it's just putting our mums it's
what can you do no matter what all the
money is going to go and you know so
it's just unfortunate yep well Andrew
with love watching you play very
unfortunate infinity finishing the way
you did with me I methylations on the
final set thank you